Do not use SYS_ADMIN Docker capability for k6 browser (#1330)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/01 browser.md

```

```bash
# WARNING!

> # Be aware that grafana/k6:master-with-browser launches Chrome browser setting 'no-sandbox'
> # argument. Use it only with trustworthy websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Be aware that grafana/k6:master-with-browser launches Chrome browser by setting the
# 'no-sandbox' argument. Use it only with trustworthy websites.
```

Author: Changed in https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1330/commits/99fcfbb5689ec4c1cf741fd8353e9a9aacdcaf57.

> # Be aware that grafana/k6:master-with-browser launches Chrome browser by setting the
> # 'no-sandbox' argument. Use it only with trustworthy websites.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# The grafana/k6:master-with-browser image launches a Chrome browser by setting the
# 'no-sandbox' argument. Only use it with trustworthy websites.
```

Some small nits. You could also reword it as:

```
When using the grafana/k6:master-with-browser image, the container launches a Chrome browser with the 'no-sandbox' argument. Only use it with trustworthy websites. 
```

Author: Changed in [7b98b68](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1330/commits/7b98b68942a04393fb1e2f587c2e1f0d570d61e3).

Reviewer: @heitortsergent 

Doesn't _"only use it"_ mean you **prefer** to use it with trustworthy websites, but it's OK to use it on untrusted sites? As the "only" modifies the "use" part now instead of "it". 🤔

The previous "only with trustworthy websites" is more restrictive, implying that you should avoid untrustworthy websites altogether when using "it,".

I don't have a strong opinion :)

Author: My understanding, and reading around, is that both sentences have the exact same meaning. Personally I feel the sentence starting with `Only` sounds better, so merging it as it is to also not delay the PR review process anymore, as the image is already public in Docker registry. Thanks for your feedback guys!

#

> # As an alternative, our recomendation is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, and

Reviewer 3: I ❤️ the wording.

My small suggestion is that I think it could be softened a bit:

```suggestion
# If you don't feel comfortable working without the sandbox feature in chrome, an alternative is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, and
```

WDYT?

> # As an alternative, our recomendation is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, and

Author: I added @inancgumus suggestion in https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1330/commits/99fcfbb5689ec4c1cf741fd8353e9a9aacdcaf57.

In regards of your suggestion, @ankur22 , to soften a bit the message, to be honest I'm not too convinced of the change :thinking: I don't think we need to soften it and the original message I think is more concise. I would like to hear more opinions on it, if possible.

> # As an alternative, our recomendation is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, and

Author: We could just omit the "recommendation" part, such as:
```
# As an alternative, you can use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, ...
```
Personally I think is OK to stress the fact that, from the three options that we have found available to run chrome browser in alpine (`no-sandbox` arg,`SYS_ADMIN` capability, and the usage of a SECCOMP profile), this last one is the preferred one. We've seen this situation happening in other similar tools when running chrome browser in a container, and we also did our own investigation when building the browser farm for the cloud and got to the same conclusion that using the SECCOMP is the preferred way. Happy to hear more feedback on this!

> # As an alternative, our recomendation is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, and

Reviewer 2: I think the more concise version of `As an alternative, you can use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, ...` is great.

> # As an alternative, our recomendation is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, and

Author: > I think the more concise version of As an alternative, you can use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, ... is great.

I like this option as it's more concise and does not mention the word "recommendation". Changed in [7b98b68](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1330/commits/7b98b68942a04393fb1e2f587c2e1f0d570d61e3).

> # As an alternative, our recommendation is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# As an alternative, our recommendation is to use a Docker SECCOMP profile instead and
```

Author: I applied the suggestion mentioned in https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1330#discussion_r1332210819. See [7b98b68](https://github.com/grafana/k6-docs/pull/1330/commits/7b98b68942a04393fb1e2f587c2e1f0d570d61e3).

> # overwrite the Chrome arguments to not use 'no-sandbox' such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# overwrite the Chrome arguments not to use 'no-sandbox' such as:
```

Author: I believe both of these forms are accepted. In this case, using `not to use 'no-sandbox'` kind of sounds worse to me than the initial option :thinking: But no strong opinion. Any feedback on this @heitortsergent ?

Reviewer: Yeah, I have no strong opinion, but there are subtle semantic differences. I'm resolving this :)
